Add keyword example to automatically close issues (#95)
codeforpdx/dwellinglybackend: pull_request_template.md

### What issue is this solving?

> <!-- replace ### with the issue number. This will ensure the issue is automatically closed when the PR is merged. -->
> Closes https://github.com/codeforpdx/dwellingly-app/issues/###

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- replace ### with the issue number. This will ensure the issue in the FE repo is automatically closed when the PR is merged. -->
Closes codeforpdx/dwellingly-app/issues/###
```

Use relative link
